skype : password ? 980561704Rockstar
gmail : minesweeper psw 980561704Rockstar


today 2021/22/10 friday october
i did not sleep today night i spent it by watching movies 2movies.and i get smoked at lest 4 cigret. and den i try to enjoy with nature by
watching moon and feel and talk with inner heart and what comes in mind. actully it is now 2078 and i have pass my 33 yrs of age. but also
i am out from track. i dont know what actully going to be happen.i have think now to think new to get start with new.

today 2021/29/10 friday october
i wake early in night and remain blank mind for 2 and in 5pm i get and do some important daily work. i went out but still mind and thought
are bounding me like you have to fell ... and now i am in home 11:43am. 

today 2021/02/01 tuesday november

i wake late today and eat food and also i take cigret(mix). i feel babal want some thing but nature says if you wish i will fullfill i am 
aslo wishing same thing. and in day time may be 4 o clock i find some incedent near my neabour and i feel so fear in my heart due to connection 
of sexual mind. i am afraid with me because i fell negative mind will come always in my mind and heart now its 6:25 still my dhuk dhuki is 
still seeking for fresh mind and heart away from this sexual mind. it sound so bad to me coz i am new to this heart sound.i dont know which
 way is going to take me in right path so i can pray to go to take in right way.

today 2021/08/11 monday
i wake up in silly way like 2pm and also take smoke and went out and came back and again take smoke to kill times now its 6:32pm
and actully communication with soul is like some crazzy sound 

today 2021/23/11 tuesday november
i wake up at 1pm and start my day with doing same activity like smoking and listening music and doing conversation with brothers. no i am thinking
on those borther day to day activity i found people are only thinking one thing that is work (kam garne) and killing their bad time with good time.
and me now i dont have any track on any field. i dont know what to do. but also i am searching site releted to other contries like poland romania.
i am thinking about practle of life. whenerver i meet my brother i find different reaction and talk about life.their planning and thining as they 
share with me.i found on senior bother in age are more closely involve in thinking about their family first and work as is it. and come out extra time
for smoking too. actully i want to get work as developer using laravel framework. i am not doing why i dont know. i have one thinking in my mind and heart
but also i am unable to answer my question of life.now my habbits are bad feels dont like to work i become thought less but come some sound about life.
